Org-related changes (#80)
ContributorCovenant/ethicalsource: content/apply_org.md

+++
title = "Join the Movement"
heading = "Join the Organization for Ethical Source"
+++

> If you are interested in joining the Organization for Ethical Source as a member, please fill out the form below. Please indication the membership level that you are interested in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in joining the Organization for Ethical Source as a member, please fill out the form below. Please indicate the kind of membership that you are interested in:
```

Let's not talk about levels, here. These are different ways of helping. All are valid.

Author: Not sure what you mean here besides "kind" over "level".

Reviewer: That was just additional context.

> * _Active Members_ are individuals who volunteer their time, expertise, and talent towards the work of the organization. Active members have voting rights. Membership fees for active members are waived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Active Members_ are individuals who volunteer their time, expertise, and talent towards the work of the organization. Active members have voting rights and don not pay membership fees. Active members will be invited to join our Slack instance where most of the discussions are taking place.
```

> * _Supporting Members_ are individuals or organizations who support the work of the organization through their membership fees. Supporting members do not have voting rights. Annual membership fees are $50 in the US, £50 in the UK, €50 in the European Union, or the equivalent in their local currencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Supporting Members_ are individuals or organizations who support the work of the organization through their membership fees. Supporting members do not have voting rights. Annual membership fees are 50€ in the European Union, ¥5,000 in Japan, CHF50 in Switzerland, and $50 in the US and elsewhere.
```

> * _Associate Members_ are noncommercial organizations whose activities are related to our mission. Associate members do not pay membership fees and do not have voting rights. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would not collect info or speak about Associate members until we have a clear program for them.

### Membership Application

<div class="form-container form-container-card">
  <form><!-- class="send_message_form message form" name="apply" method="post" action="/" data-modal-id="modal-notify" data-netlify="true" netlify-honeypot="bot-field"-->
    <div class="form-group">
      <label class="hidden">
        <span>For bots only</span>
        <input name="bot-field">
        <input name="subject" value="OES Membership Application">
      </label>
    </div>
    <div class="form-group">
      <label>
        <p>E-mail</p>
        <input name="email" type="email" required>
      </label>
    </div>
    <div class="form-group">
    <label>
      <p>Membership Type</p>
      <input name="membership_level" type="radio" value="Active Member">Active Member<br />
      <input name="membership_level" type="radio" value="Supporting Member">Supporting Member<br />

>       <input name="membership_level" type="radio" value="Associate Member">Associate Member<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    </label>
    </div>
    <div class="form-group">
      <label>
        <p>Message, brief bio, and why you're interested</p>
        <textarea name="message" required></textarea>
      </label>
    <fieldset>

>       <button type="submit" class="button">Send</button>

Reviewer: We should add a checkbox here for compliance with GDPR.

- [ ] I agree to received updates and information about the ESO and our activities. We won't share your email address without your express permission ever.
